-: Welcome back.
Let's go back to our GitHub repository
and we are in 0802 ALB Ingress basics.
And as part of step one,
we already understood about what we are going to implement
as part of this section.
So now we are in step two where we are going
to review the app one deployment Kubernetes manifest.
So we need to go
to zero one kube manifest default backend folder.
So if you go back to our Visual Studio code here,
in 0802 and in ALB Ingress basics.
So you'll have the demo one
which is zero one kube manifest default backend,
and you'll have the demo two,
which is zero two kube manifest rules.
So if you go inside this,
we'll find something called zero one Nginx app
one deployment and then node port service.
So this is our standard deployment and node port service.
So we will review on a high level
and then move on to the next step.
So, if you see here APA version is apps V1
and kind is deployment and metadata
is app one Nginx deployment, right?
And in the spec you have replicas.
We are going to create one port
and in selector match labels
you have provided the label as app equal to app one Nginx.
The same we are going to use in our node port service.
We'll see that later.
And in template you have the metadata label
app app one Nginx.
And in deployment spec and inside that template
and in template you'll have the pod specification
and you have the containers.
And inside the containers,
the first container you have defined inside this port
is app one Nginx
and you are bringing the container
from stacksimplify/kube Nginx app one 1.0.0
and ports we are going to use the container port S80.
So this is the deployment manifest
and here is the node port service.
And in node port service you can see API version is V1
and kind is service.
And in metadata you'll find app one Nginx node port service
is the name of this service and inspect, right?
So let's ignore these labels and annotations for now.
So let's come back to the service spec.
And you are saying that service type has node port
and selector label you can see app app one Nginx,
the same whatever you have seen
in the selector match labels of your deployment.
So which means any traffic coming
to this app one Nginx node port service
will be sent to the ports
with this app app one Nginx
match labels related ports, right?
So which means it'll send to this ports
created by this respective deployment.
So, now let's come back here and see the ports.
The service port is port 80
and the target port,
which is nothing but your port of your port
is also port 80,
or you can say that container port is 80.
So now let's come back
and we have successfully reviewed
our Nginx app one deployment and node port service.
In our our next lecture,
we are going to go ahead and then do a live template writing
for our ALB Ingress, right, manifest,
which is zero two ALB Ingress basic.yaml.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.